README.md, before:

# PostCSS Nested [![Build Status][ci-img]][ci]

<img align="right" width="135" height="95"
     title="Philosopher’s stone, logo of PostCSS"
     src="http://postcss.github.io/postcss/logo-leftp.png">

[PostCSS] plugin to unwrap nested rules like how Sass does it.

```css
.phone {
    &_title {
        width: 500px;
        @media (max-width: 500px) {
            width: auto;
        }
        body.is_dark & {
            color: white;
        }
    }
    img {
        display: block;
    }
}
```

will be processed to:

```css
.phone_title {
    width: 500px;
}
@media (max-width: 500px) {
    .phone_title {
        width: auto;
    }
}
body.is_dark .phone_title {
    color: white;
}
.phone img {
    display: block;
}
```

See also [postcss-nesting] with tabakins proposal syntax with extra `{`.

<a href="https://evilmartians.com/?utm_source=postcss-nested">
<img src="https://evilmartians.com/badges/sponsored-by-evil-martians.svg" alt="Sponsored by Evil Martians" width="236" height="54">
</a>

[postcss-nesting]: https://github.com/jonathantneal/postcss-nesting
[PostCSS]:         https://github.com/postcss/postcss
[ci-img]:          https://travis-ci.org/postcss/postcss-nested.svg
[ci]:              https://travis-ci.org/postcss/postcss-nested

## Usage

```js
postcss([ require('postcss-nested') ])
```

See [PostCSS] docs for examples for your environment.

## Options

### `bubble`

By default, plugin will unwrap only `@media`, `@supports` and `@document`
at-rules. You can add your custom at-rules to this list by `bubble` option:

```js
postcss([ require('postcss-nested')({ bubble: ['phone'] }) ]
```

Commit message:

Need a description on how to download the package
Seems like people think all plugins are included after downloading postcss from nmp and the only way to use them is by running the function in their task runner.

README.md, after:

# PostCSS Nested [![Build Status][ci-img]][ci]

<img align="right" width="135" height="95"
     title="Philosopher’s stone, logo of PostCSS"
     src="http://postcss.github.io/postcss/logo-leftp.png">

[PostCSS] plugin to unwrap nested rules like how Sass does it.

Install it by running `$ npm install postcss-nested --save-dev`

```css
.phone {
    &_title {
        width: 500px;
        @media (max-width: 500px) {
            width: auto;
        }
        body.is_dark & {
            color: white;
        }
    }
    img {
        display: block;
    }
}
```

will be processed to:

```css
.phone_title {
    width: 500px;
}
@media (max-width: 500px) {
    .phone_title {
        width: auto;
    }
}
body.is_dark .phone_title {
    color: white;
}
.phone img {
    display: block;
}
```

See also [postcss-nesting] with tabakins proposal syntax with extra `{`.

<a href="https://evilmartians.com/?utm_source=postcss-nested">
<img src="https://evilmartians.com/badges/sponsored-by-evil-martians.svg" alt="Sponsored by Evil Martians" width="236" height="54">
</a>

[postcss-nesting]: https://github.com/jonathantneal/postcss-nesting
[PostCSS]:         https://github.com/postcss/postcss
[ci-img]:          https://travis-ci.org/postcss/postcss-nested.svg
[ci]:              https://travis-ci.org/postcss/postcss-nested

## Usage

```js
postcss([ require('postcss-nested') ])
```

See [PostCSS] docs for examples for your environment.

## Options

### `bubble`

By default, plugin will unwrap only `@media`, `@supports` and `@document`
at-rules. You can add your custom at-rules to this list by `bubble` option:

```js
postcss([ require('postcss-nested')({ bubble: ['phone'] }) ]
```
